Fix error in `@fluid-tools/benchmark`'s `CHANGELOG` (#22205)
microsoft/FluidFramework: tools/benchmark/CHANGELOG.md

## 0.49.0

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer: Merge conflict :)

## 0.49.0

> Provides @CustomBenchmark feature to log custom measurements. To profile custom usage, define tests using the `benchmarkCustom()` function. The argument `run` to the function includes a reporter with `addMeasurement()` to write custom data to report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a feature to run benchmarks that log custom measurements. To use it, define tests using the `benchmarkCustom()` function. The `run` argument passed to the function is itself a function that will get passed a reporter object with an `addMeasurement()` method, that the test code can use to define custom data to report as the benchmark output. These custom-measurement benchmarks get the string `@CustomBenchmark` appended to their title, so they can be run selectively using `mocha`'s `fgrep` flag.
```

Reviewer 2: Nit: I also always recommend line-breaking along sentence boundaries. Makes future edits/diffs easier to review. :)

> Adds a feature to run benchmarks that log custom measurements. To use it, define tests using the `benchmarkCustom()` function. The `run` argument passed to the function is itself a function that will get passed a reporter object with an `addMeasurement()` method, that the test code can use to define custom data to report as the benchmark output. These custom-measurement benchmarks get the string `@CustomBenchmark` appended to their title, so they can be run selectively using `mocha`'s `fgrep` flag.

Reviewer 2: Nit
```suggestion
Adds a feature to run benchmarks that log custom measurements.
To use it, define tests using the `benchmarkCustom()` function.
The `run` argument passed to the function is itself a function that will get passed a reporter object with an `addMeasurement()` method, that the test code can use to define custom data to report as the benchmark output.
These custom-measurement benchmarks get the string `@CustomBenchmark` appended to their title, so they can be run selectively using `mocha`'s `fgrep` flag.
```

> Adds a feature to run benchmarks that log custom measurements. To use it, define tests using the `benchmarkCustom()` function. The `run` argument passed to the function is itself a function that will get passed a reporter object with an `addMeasurement()` method, that the test code can use to define custom data to report as the benchmark output. These custom-measurement benchmarks get the string `@CustomBenchmark` appended to their title, so they can be run selectively using `mocha`'s `fgrep` flag.

Reviewer 2: Nit: might be worth adding an example of the mocha fgrep usage.
